hello every and welcome back to another
episode of zoo tycoon 2 subscribers ooh
number 2 where we're on part 6 today
last time we made the zebra enclosure I
believe yes that's right
yeah the zebras to grant zebras I told
you about the grant slippers as well and
you guys seem to like the format sorry
it's been a while by the way I had these
recorded but not my voice itself and
that means needs doing - for the video
to be up and she added some cuts because
that took me a while there to get all
this stuff going but yeah anyway before
I get further into the what animals
we're doing I would just let ask you
guys - if you haven't yet check out the
previous episode there'll be a link in
description or in the annotation and if
you guys could leave a like that'd be
awesome and obviously comment on what
sort of animals you'd like so right now
you see oh I'm doing a tropical
rainforest enclosure but that's not
exactly all of it because we're doing
two different animals we're doing both
types of pea Falls we're doing the
Indian people and the Indo Chinese
people the Indian one is the one living
in the right biome and the right half
from what you see now and the English
the indo-chinese one is the one living
in the rape forest one I think I got
that one right but yes so we're gonna
talk a bit about what is the diff what
pee foals are and what they do and what
what's the difference between the two of
them so the P folds are better known as
peacocks
but peacocks are actually only the
male's the females are called P hens
just like if you have chicken you
usually have the female being a hen and
the male being the so the male
peacocks our brightly colored birds that
have a distinctive crest and an
unmistakable ornament trained as he
probably probably know but I'll have
pictures up on the screen anyway now
you'll see the difference between the
Indian and the indo-chinese ones also
the top one is the Indian one and the
bottom one is the Indo Chinese one
you'll be able to see the difference
from the picture the Indian one is it's
blue has a blue neck and has a
completely different face like the they
have a rounded face compared to the
triangular face of the Indo Chinese one
or also called the green people or
rather they're subspecies of the green
three for the Indians ones have also got
shorter legs they're just a tiny bit
less colorful in the tail they have bard
wings instead of solid black wings and
yeah they they have a thin rib neck and
skin instead of a scaled neck and that's
just some of the different features of
the Indian and the Indo Chinese
pifo the Indian people as the name
suggests is native to India but they
also occur in eastern Pakistan and go
reach from the Himalayas down all the
way to through sri lanka which is that
island of the east coast of india they
also were quite common in bangladesh a
while ago but they're extinct in that
country or probably extinct in that
country
the Indian people is a creature of the
open forest and the riparian undergrowth
in southern India and also preferred
streamside forest but may also be found
in orchards and other cultivated areas
in comparison the Indo Chinese people
lives in an area they call Indochina
which is southeast China and Indonesia
and Vietnam and all the countries around
that area but they for as a general a
you can say they live from East Burma to
Thailand southern China and Indochina
this subspecies is the most common of
them and the one has the widest
distribution its former range may have
extended from Macau to Hainan now I can
show you that on a map if I remember to
put the map in the video so you can see
where that is because you might not know
when the cattle right on are but yeah
that's generally are the only things I
really wanted to tell you about the pea
falls if you want to show any more
things any specific facts then you guys
can tell me I can also tell you guys the
next video I'll have chimpanzees but you
can't you guys can't tell me what you
want to hear there because I'll be
recording it before before this video is
up so yeah but yeah that's that's all
the information about people's for now
and we can go back and see what I
created
what enclosures I created here you can
see it's it's one big enclosure really
but they're separated by the rocks and I
quite like this area it's it's like a
dead end so once you go there you have
to turn back back processor zebras but
and it down purpose so that we have
space for other things on the other side
and not too many widely distributed
areas we did
lots of different paths you go in you go
back out you go to the next part of the
zoo that way you can see the most things
rather than get lost and then need to
find different ways to get on at the zoo
so yeah you can see I made the big
wooden wall to sort of separate that
area and you can see exactly where
what's gonna be behind that next episode
and as you see here I'm just putting
lots of bamboo in this water because I
thought it would look really cool and
you can see that in the first person
walk around right now it looks great and
that was our Ashley already it so thanks
I hope you enjoyed the video hope you
like the enclosures please leave a like
comment subscribe and I'll see you next